Yes, but I have a condition. What condition?
I can ask Song An to replace the Gu family.
But I want to receive my child first.
Do you think I'm stupid?
What if you take that little traitor and run away?
You told him not to let you see other people.
But I can let you take a look first. Take a look.
Are these eyes, these balls, comparable to yours?
Can you feel relieved now?
This little traitor, I will take good care of you.
But it’s just a video.
Watching this issue doesn’t mean that she naturally makes me do the same.
What else do you want?
You don't let me see her
Let's make a phone call when we get there
But you won't let me talk to my children on the phone
Song Huai people can't even think of entering Wang Ping's hometown.
You are just a Song Huai person
Moved into the old high juice bar
A condition that can be exchanged for just a phone call
You wouldn't disagree, right?
Just your phone number
I will satisfy you
Who made me your stepmother?
Is that okay now?